{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red104\green130\blue138;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green243\blue208;
\red219\green226\blue236;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c48235\c58039\c61176;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c96078\c85098;
\cssrgb\c88627\c90980\c94118;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Fix background  image to show entire image\
\
\

\f1\b\fs28 Sections
\fs24 \
- Publications\
\'97 The Period Party\
\'97 Remember Your Powers\
- Workshops\
\'97 The Period Party\
- Media\
\'97 Ted talk\
\'97 Testimonials\
- Contact\
- Bio\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://asparagus-plum-6hfn.squarespace.com/services-store-M9v7E/p/basic-service-d3r86"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\b0\fs39 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Speaking Events}}
\f2\b0\fs34\fsmilli17151 \cf4 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
$500.00\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\b\fs32 \cf4 Invite acclaimed and first-place TEDx Speaker, Goddess, to your event for an enlightening experience. Through captivating storytelling and profound wisdom, Goddess will inspire and uplift your audience, leaving an impact that lasts a lifetime.
\f2\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs21 \cf5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://asparagus-plum-6hfn.squarespace.com/services-store-M9v7E/p/intermediate-service-43wg3"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\fs39 \cf0 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The Period Party}}
\f2\fs34\fsmilli17151 \cf4 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
$149.00\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs21 \cf5 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf4 \cb2 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Let me introduce myself. My name is Goddess. I am an award winning Speaker, TEDx TALK Speaker, Author & Wisdom Teacher. T.O.U.C.H. THE WORLD, LLC. was founded in 2010. I have had the privlege to write this amazing book \'93The Period Party\'94. This book is the best gift you can give to a young girl entering into womanhood. This book is all about celebrating and empowering her. \'93The Period Party\'94, erases the shame and stigma that still exists even today when a girl experiences her period. Let\'92s give her this gift of showing her and lettingg her know she is not alone on this journey and empower her, celebrate her for generations to come one girl at-a-time!\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://asparagus-plum-6hfn.squarespace.com/services-store-M9v7E/p/advanced-service-ff29s"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs39 \cf0 \cb2 \strokec3 Advanced Service}}
\fs34\fsmilli17151 \cf4 \cb2 \strokec4 \
$199.00\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 Get excited!! REMEMBER opens up our sixth sense of REMEMBERING your unigue gifts and how to use them to excel your life to where you desire it to be.\cb1 \
\cb2 Life will challenge us but when you tap into your POWERS you were born with, you know you are equipped to handle them.\cb1 \
\cb2 We use these POWERS anyway, let\'92s do it on purpose and with intention.\cb1 \
}